Add first draft of 'quick reference' and 'explanation' docs (#41)
taxprofiler/taxpasta: docs/commands/standardise.md

# standardise

## What

> The purpose of the `standarise` (aka `standardize`) command is to take an output
> of a single taxonomic profiler and convert it into a standard format that is
> compatible with the output of other profilers standardised by taxpasta.

Author: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `standarise` (aka `standardize`) command is to take the output of a single sample
from a single taxonomic profiler and convert it into a standard format that is
compatible with the output of other profilers standardised by taxpasta.
```

## How

To use this command, you need a single output file from a single taxonomic
profiler, the name of the tool, and to specify an output file name:

```bash
taxpasta standardise --profiler kraken2 --output sample_standardised.tsv sample.kreport.txt
```

> where `sample.kreport.txt` is a taxonomic profiling report file from kraken2.

Author: ```suggestion
In this command `sample.kreport.txt` is a taxonomic profiling report file from kraken2.
```

Author: If you want to replace the `:` in the sentence before the command with a `.`.

# standardize

## What

> The purpose of the `standarise` command is to take an output of a single taxonomic profiling tool, and convert it into a standard format that is compatible with (also standardised) output of other profiling tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of the `standarise` command is to take an output of a single taxonomic profiling tool, and convert it into a standard format that is compatible with the (also standardised) output of other profiling tools.
```

## How

To use this command, you need a single output file from a single taxonomic profiling tool, the name of the tool, and to specify an output file name:

```bash
taxpasta standardise --profiler kraken2 --output sample_standardised.tsv sample.kreport.txt
```

where `sample.kreport.txt` is a taxonomic profiling report file from Kraken2.

This will produce a file called `sample_standardised.tsv` that contains the taxpasta 'standard' two column structure described [below](#why).

> 💡 `taxpasta standardise` will automagically attempt to guess the output format based on the output file extension. You can alternatively explicitly define this with the `--output-format` flag. See `taxpasta standardise --help` for all supported formats.

## When

You should use `taxpasta standardise` when you want to standardise profiles of a single or multiple profiles independetly, but do not want to join them in a single table (e.g., if you wish to store them separately, and merge on the fly in your own script).

> See [`merge`](merge.md) if wish to both standardise and merge in one step to generate a single table containing all samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [`merge`](merge.md) if you wish to both standardise and merge in one step to generate a single table containing all samples.
```
